# sites scraper

By: JuliXnCXm.

Version: 0.1.0


## Prerequisites

- [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) >=4.x
- npm & nodejs (https://nodejs.org/es/)
- Optional [Mamba](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

## Create environment

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
activate delivery_sites_scraper
```

or

```bash
mamba env create -f environment.yml
activate delivery_sites_scraper

```

## Comments

- This project was made using an architecture and structure very different from usually, using a backend with Express and Node.js for making the requests to the web page to save the dirty initial data then extract and transform the dirty data that had to be extracted from deep sublinks generated by the initial extraction, obviously all this process could have been done with purely python, but the purpose of this project is show the implementation with different languages and paradigms.

## Setup

1. git clone or download ZIP project
2. install anaconda
3. create enviroment
4. move to backend_sraper and execute npm intall in terminal

## Init Process

1. move to backend_scraper and execute npm start
2. in browser http://localhost:3000/
3. close browser
3. execute "py pipeline.py ifood" in terminal

## Project organization

    delivery_sites_scraper
        |──backend_scraper
        |   |──src
        |        |── config/
        |        |── controllers/
        |        |── data/
        |        |── routers/
        |        |── index.js
        |
        ├── data
        │   ├── extract      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
        │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
        │   └── transform
        |
        │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
        │
        ├── .gitignore         <- Files to ignore by `git`.
        │
        ├── environment.yml    <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment.
        │
        └── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.

---

    <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment.
        │
        └── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.

---

